[intense drum music playing]
[man over radio] Requesting medic
to Bravo Camp.
We have a burn victim.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Sean] Ahh.
[medic] Sean. we're going to pick you up.
We're going to dry yourself. okay?
Okay.
[music turns somber]
Sean fell just. like. plank into the fire.
[medic] Wanna try to get up?
[Sean exhales heavily]
[Marshall] Never seen
burns like that ever.
Skin was peeling off
like you were boiling a cucumber.
and it just comes right off.
[Sean] Ahh. [bleep]. Ouch!
Sean is just in really. really bad shape.
and it's really. really scary.
Just seeing someone in so much pain.
with horrible. horrible burns on his skin…
[sniffs]
…is one of the worst feelings
in the world.
[medic] We'll walk to the ambulance.
Okay. so just because
you got burns on your limbs.
probably 25% of your body.
we will need to evacuate you.
[man over radio] Prepare air transport
and standby.
[radio chatter continues]
[medic] Second and third degrees burns.
Approximately 25%.
[man over radio] Burn center. copy.
We have transportation en route.
[medic] We will need to apply
some anesthetic.
[inhales sharply. exhales]
[Sean] I felt nothing.
I don't remember anything beforehand.
I just remember waking up
and seeing Marshall's face.
and he was not happy.
and I jumped up and freaked out.
'Cause I could tell something was wrong.
It's just such an unexpected tragedy
for our team
because we love Sean so much.
I don't want to leave.
but I got a woman at home who loves me.
and that's all that matters.
Love you guys.
- Love you too. man!
- Love you too.
Oh. Oh. Oh. [inhales sharply]
Ah!
I stuck you together.
Now stay stuck. okay?
Keep the ferro rods.
Do not give them away.
- Guys. helicopter!
- We're coming!
It's coming right towards us!
Is that a helicopter?
- Yeah. that's--
- Helicopter.
Let's go.
- That's medical.
- It's a medic.
They're taking somebody out.
Somebody can't go seven days without food.
Vehicles at Bravo.
Could be a medical situation.
- I hope everyone's okay.
- Seriously. I hope everyone's okay.
Nobody wants to get injured
or get sick out here. That'd be the worst.
I'm hoping they get out
on their own two feet.
[Nikki] I think that's a stretcher.
Even though they're our competitors.
they're human beings too.
They have lives outside of this.
I can't imagine what it must be like
to go home in that manner.
It was a wake-up call for all of us.
I mean. this injury stuff
could happen to anyone.
I start thinking to myself.
"Am I willing to sacrifice
my health and my well-being for money?"
Thoughts and prayers. for sure.
I hope they ain't dead.
but I hope they're going home.
Somebody's subtracting from the island.
It's a morale booster. We needed this.
I get a little smirk on my face.
I don't want to see anybody injured.
At the end of the day.
this is a competition.
and one less person
that we have to worry about.
[dramatic music playing]
[soft music playing]
I am excited. I'm sorry for being excited.
but I'm not that sorry.
Adios. amigo.
[Braxton] We should
find out what happened.
[Leiya] I can go over today.
[Braxton] No. we should never walk alone.
I don't think. to be honest.
- I think three of us should go.
- [Braxton] No. do two.
[Wes] I'm actually worried about
my own team more than the competition.
They're not cohesive as a unit.
That's super important
when you're in a space like this
in order for you to survive.
and for your teammates
not to run into imminent danger.
I'm trying to make sure our teammates
and I stay on the same page
so we don't end up
on that medical helicopter.
- [Brett howls]
- Goodbye!
[all howling]
Sayonara!
I think we've seen everything
there is to see.
[Dave] Agreed.
All right. guys.
[melancholy instrumental music plays]
[Pharaoh] Things could've been
a lot worse. It could've been by himself.
The fact of the matter is. you never know
what's gonna take you out.
It could be a mechanical injury.
You can get sick from drinking water.
Anything could happen at any time.
This is real. and part of the game.
But unfortunately. from this point.
he's going to be the first flare of Bravo.
and that really is not
a good feeling right now.
[Abby] Alpha and Charlie
are probably celebrating right now
because they have seen the helicopter.
and they see that
one of our teammates is probably gone.
That puts a bad taste in my mouth.
[howling]
[Abby] That makes me want to
stand up for my team even more.
And to crush these other teams
into the ground.
[Morgan] He's been the glue
that's holding our team together.
and what happens if there's no glue?
It's a devastating blow. Me and Sean.
we were kind of like brothers quick.
[flare hissing]
[Marshall] He's a big part
of the brains of the operation.
My fear is that with Sean leaving.
our team dynamic
is going to blow up from within.
I think the other teams are gonna be
encouraged. because they smell blood.
Oh. you heard that?
[Wes] Sound like a flare.
[Brett] Hey. we're gonna start
knocking them off. [ticking]
[Wes] Did real good.
Yah. Hi-yah!
I'm getting a little energy now.
[Dave] Bravo. Whoo!
[Halle] They been acting like they're on
this pedestal. Look who's leaving first.
I'm curious how many flares
we're about to see.
I'm curious if they're going to be
more willing to trade with us.
- It also opens up…
- Someone switching.
Someone switching.
[Braxton] I could not be more excited.
Team Charlie is going
to take this thing home.
Oh. yeah.
- All we need is fire.
- [Braxton] All we need is fire.
Hey. Leiya…
her value is tied to getting that fire.
[Brett] We'll give her a little time.
and if she can't get fire. she's gone.
- [Braxton] I like the way you're thinking.
- I like that.
[narrator] A week in.
and no rain for four days.
A weather anomaly for this ecosystem
that is both a relief
and another unneeded challenge for Alpha.
[Dave] We're kinda
dying out here without water.
I get worried when
we go through these dry spouts.
I mean. it's nice 'cause it's dry.
but if it doesn't rain.
we have nothing to drink.
[Dave] And we want to get hydrated
so we can move our shelter. because…
[Halle and Nikki] The caterpillars.
We have had the absolute wringer
of a time the last week.
My energy levels are just tanked.
As far as water goes. with no fire.
there's no means to purify it.
so I ended up drinking that creek water
just straight from the source.
It really made my tummy not feel good.
and I had to be running to the…
the jungle toilet.
if you will. quite a bit.
[Dave exhales]
Constantly attacked by all angles.
whether it's from hunger.
dehydration. insects.
the little vegetation that pokes at you.
tears at your clothes.
But I'm so. so thankful that
Maddy. Nikki. Halle always think. like.
"Hey. what can we do for our team and
for ourselves to make this a bit easier.
and give ourselves.
you know. that fighting chance?"
[Halle] Are y'all feeling okay?
Tell you what. yesterday was the closest
I felt to being like. "I can't do this."
Without fire.
we will be the first team that's out.
Honestly. guys. we can subsist
on coconuts. shrimp. snails. and water.
The only thing we would need fire for
is so we could boil water.
See. I disagree on that subsistence claim.
In order to actually subsist.
we'll need. like. bigger game with a fire.
Well. I can get us some snails
and chop up some coconut
until fire comes along.
Oh man.
[percussion music playing]
[Braxton] Hoping for mangoes. fruit trees.
and also looking for critters.
[Wes] All right.
[Braxton] Time to see
what this game board looks like.
[Wes] Exactly.
[narrator] Still unable to attain fire.
Charlie cannot cook the numerous crabs
and iguanas around camp.
forcing them to venture to
the more lush side of the game board
for native fruit trees.
- [Braxton] Onward!
- [Sarah] Thanks for letting me come with.
[Braxton] Of course.
[Sarah] You know. I could feel…
some tension.
because I know we're strangers.
and trust. and everything.
And no matter how hard things get.
we can fight every [bleeping] day.
but I want you to know my heart's in it.
[Wes] Okay.
I'm glad we got everything straight.
Right now.
let's keep our eyes and ears open.
[Sarah] Yeah. I just wanna
let you guys know.
I'm [bleeping] loyal to Team Charlie.
I ain't [bleeping] with nobody. bro.
- I don't want to [bleep] with nobody!
- [Braxton] Don't scream.
- Their camp is somewhere near here.
- Oh. shit. Thank you.
[Braxton] Got you.
Sarah's an interesting person.
[Sarah yapping]
I sound like a chihuahua.
[Wes] We try to give her some grace.
but sometimes the loudest one
in the room is the weakest.
[Sarah] Bro. I want a lizard.
I want to eat a freaking lizard.
Dude. this looks edible.
[Braxton] Be careful. Think that--
Nah. It's not.
You can actually do more harm
trying to play harder.
- Dude. it's like clear water.
- [Braxton] Don't do it.
[Sarah] I feel like
it's naturally filtered.
- [Braxton] Don't know where it originated.
- I'm gonna drink it. Who gives a shit?
You don't have to prove that you're
doing something to show you're valuable.
[coughing. retching]
Are you good?
Are you throwing up?
[Sarah] Bro. I yakked. [burps]
I threw up. bro.
[atmospheric music playing]
[wind howling]
[narrator] With each passing night.
the lack of civilized amenities
hits a little harder.
[Nikki] I don't like
that we look weak right now.
Yeah. I'm in the suck. and that's fine.
Not a big deal.
But just these mind games
are just annoying.
We need to get fire so we can get water.
[Nikki] We'll be okay.
[narrator] While Alpha Camp
struggles with a lack of fire.
Bravo Camp's fire advantage led to
the downfall of one of their teammates…
[Morgan] How you gotta look at this.
Sometimes freak accidents happen.
- [Abby] Yep.
- [Morgan] I love you. Sean. And--
- [Abby] Yeah. Sean. we miss you.
- [Morgan] I wish you were here with us.
[Marshall] Miss you. Sean.
[narrator] …meaning Charlie could
position themselves as the team to beat
if Leiya can bring them fire
to complement their shelter advantage.
One thing we need
going forward is fire. all right?
We're going to be having fire.
I have faith. Knowing that it smoked up.
that kind of surprised me.
- It smoked up twice.
- [Wes laughs] I like it.
[Nikki] Please. guys.
don't burn ourselves out.
Can't get much more burned out than this.
[light percussion music plays]
- [Ben] Swap?
- Yeah. it's [bleeping] hard.
He's feeling like he's pushing way harder
than you are. No offense. but…
[Dave] I can bust a couple coconuts open
so you all can get something to drink.
Oh. yeah.
The limits that I currently have
are constantly being pushed.
But after I was in college.
I had a stint of partying late nights.
doing a bunch of drugs.
I got fired and ended up couch-surfing.
and that turned into camping.
I was embarrassed by some
of the mistakes I made in my life.
and so I isolated myself from friends.
from family. unfortunately.
and pretty much holed up in the mountains.
And it's not until you really are
at rock bottom that you have to be like.
I need to find something
other than this to provide me peace.
And to me. it was parents. siblings.
my aunts and uncles.
my grandparents. and my friends.
And now that I have an amazing woman.
I have the desire to start a family.
I am first and foremost a lover
and a caregiver to my friends and family.
I am always the one to make sure
everyone's fed and good to go.
[Halle] Just drink it.
Just drink it out of the coconut.
- I want you guys to have some now.
- [Maddy] No.
I can't say for sure what will happen.
but I know that every challenge will be
met with a little humility. some humor.
and the ability to bring my teammates
together to accomplish a common goal.
You guys want to take a shot at it?
- You wanna try?
- Yeah.
Make sure you keep that nice in there.
[Nikki] Dave's in a tough place.
He has been pushing himself
to the absolute limit
every single day for us.
I think it really says
what kind of a man he is.
[Ben] Looking good. Dave.
I'm seeing smoke. buddy.
Keep it going. buddy. Let's go.
But Ben…
I don't know.
I do question the authenticity
of how he shows up sometimes.
Where's the coconut?
[Dave] I opened two.
so there's plenty of meat.
I mean. he does so much for the team.
and I am so grateful.
[burps]
Well. that wasn't useful.
[Nikki] But some of the time.
I do kind of question
how much of it is for us.
for the team. for the bond…
versus for himself.
[Dave] Switch. Let's switch.
[Ben] Well. it's making me tired.
We'll stick a pin in this.
- [Dave] I'm gonna take a quick breather.
- Okay.
I'm going to go down this creek.
see what I can find to eat.
- Whoo!
- I need something solid in my stomach.
[Ben] I'll chop up some coconut.
- All right. BRB.
- Thanks. Dave.
- See you soon.
- Let's go.
[atmospheric vocal music rises]
[music fades]
[Marshall] …heading directly north.
Don't go up this way. It's too palmy.
I saw some good trails to follow.
We have by far the best hunting spot.
- Without question.
- [Pharaoh] Yep.
They're so happy right now. probably.
They think that we're weaker.
[distant thrumming]
[Morgan] What is that?
- [Abby] Is that a helicopter?
- [Marshall] Helicopter.
[Morgan] It is.
- Oh. it dropped something.
- Let's get it.
Is that a helicopter?
- [Ben] It's been an eventful day.
- That would be crazy.
It's over there. I think.
Do you see it?
[tense percussion music plays]
I saw it drop somewhere over here.
[Sarah] Yo. a helicopter.
It might be a drop. Come on.
Here we go.
- [Braxton] It's on the right. Sarah.
- [Sarah] Really?
- [Wes] Something on the beach. Come on.
- [Sarah] There is something.
- [Nikki] Guys!
- [Dave] There it is.
[Nikki] Oh man.
What you got?
All right. We got another package.
- [Wes exclaims]
- [Sarah] Yo!
- Come on. Buddy. Crack it open. baby.
- [Brett] Let's see what they got.
- They got a note. Another note.
- [Leiya] Uh-oh.
"Teams. an offer to consider."
"If you remove a player.
and the player flares.
you'll receive the supply you desire."
"…desire. Hunting. fire. or shelter."
"This offer ends at sunset."
"Are you willing
to make a sacrifice to survive…"
"…to survive for the million-dollar prize?
Or is loyalty the key to success?"
[music fades]
Yeah. I don't… I don't like this.
[Sarah] To me. it was a no-brainer.
Like. I'm not going to sacrifice
one of my teammates.
So this is just another
cheese put in front of us.
and kind of something to see if.
are we actually loyal to one another.
or do some people have ulterior motives?
I really hope my team
doesn't stab me in the back.
But I can sense when
someone's feeling… something.
[narrator] The note challenges
the very core of each camp's loyalty
to their teammates.
- The offer ends at. uh… sunset.
- Sunset.
So that means we got a couple hours.
- We got a bit of time to think.
- Three and a half hours.
All right. I think maybe Alpha's
going to send somebody for fire.
[Sarah] That's insane.
- I mean. I think this one's pretty easy.
- [Morgan] Yeah.
We're going to stick together. right?
- [Morgan] We don't need a tarp or a bow.
- Yeah.
So I guess we know
the answer to that for sure.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah.
Yeah. We're not letting
anybody go from the team.
- We're not getting rid of any of ours.
- Yeah.
[Pharaoh] They need ferro rods.
Gonna get rid of players.
[Morgan] Yeah.
They have to leave camp and flare.
- If they flare…
They could leave and join another team.
and then they don't get the resource.
Mm-hmm.
They're gonna try to come here first
because there's four of us.
- Yeah.
- [Morgan] We said we don't want anyone.
But if we don't accept anyone on the team.
then the other team
will get the ferro rod.
[Pharaoh] You would be willing
to take on somebody else?
[Marshall] It just depends. I mean…
[Morgan] It kind of depends on the person.
what team they come from.
- Yeah.
- [Pharaoh] We'll find out.
Right now with four players.
each of us would get $250.000.
And that's a lot of money.
So I'm completely against
a fifth player being on this team.
Ultimately.
that gives us less of the money.
[Marshall] That note can be good firewood.
[Morgan] Yeah.
[Dave] I don't know
what other teams are doing.
but I know the one thing
this team needs is fire.
We've been trying all week to get it.
and we haven't made
a single stride towards that.
I'm telling you right now.
I've already made up my mind.
I'm going home anyways.
- You guys get that fire.
- Dave!
I'm running on empty
and had some digestive issues.
I don't want to be the person
to get medevaced out of here.
I'd rather walk off this game board
with my head held high.
[Ben] Whoa. let's talk about this.
We got until sunset.
I'm serious. Within two days from now.
we're all gonna be
the walking [bleeping] dead.
No water. no food.
But if you guys get that fire.
the money is yours.
This is my moment to put my team ahead
in a better position to win this game
with or without me.
[intense music playing]
[Dave] There's only one team
on this game board
that deserves this money.
and it's you guys.
I'll be fine.
I don't want my mindset
of thinking about home
to infect the minds of my teammates.
who are so strong and so strong-minded.
So I'd rather voluntarily remove myself
from the game before that happens.
[team sobbing softly]
[Brett] Where's she at?
[Braxton] We have an opportunity now.
It's time to make moves. I think.
- [Brett] Yeah. Kick her out and get fire.
- [Braxton] Get the fire.
I have no reason
to keep her here another day.
Her attitude has brought harm
to this camp a few times.
- We've taken shit.
- [Brett] It's draining every day.
- What do you think?
- Me?
Yeah.
She works really hard.
She's very proactive.
Like. she brings coconut to anyone.
and she's fixing the shelter…
After an argument. After an argument.
And sometimes. like. I think--
Would you like to start
a new team with her?
- That's not what I'm thinking.
- Would you be willing to do that?
- Why is that a question?
- You're defending her pretty hard.
- Like she's your sister.
- You're taking up for her.
- Well. I think it's fair for me to state…
- No. you're taking up for her. It's okay.
But we're trying
to figure out why at this point.
[Brett] We're wondering why.
You're girls and gotta stick together?
[Wes] I don't want you to have
a blind loyalty because she's a woman.
That means nothing
in a competition like this.
[Brett] Yeah.
If it was Braxton or Buddy who I felt
like was being detrimental to the team.
hey. they'd be on the chopping block too.
If you guys actually want to hear this.
I'm just saying that I did have a few
pretty productive conversations with her.
Well. regardless. this is the majority.
The majority agrees. so…
If that's the case. I have no say.
- [Wes] Okay.
- Yes.
She is the other girl on this team.
and I feel like…
it was important for us
to kind of look out for each other.
But I also don't want to piss them off.
I mean. I do think
that it's the winning team here.
If that means I have to bite my tongue
to be on the winning team.
I'm okay with that.
And that's an extra 50 grand
in your pocket. my pocket. his pocket…
She's the odd man out.
which is unfortunate.
yes. but that's life.
[Wes] So now it's settled.
[Leiya] Is that the end of it. though?
- What do you mean?
- Is that the end of voting off?
Unless you do some shit to piss us off.
- I don't--
- It's settled. Nothing else to talk about.
Ready to get to it?
- I don't want that to hurt…
- Charlie on me. Charlie on three.
- One. two. three.
- [men] Charlie!
I'm not here to play selfishly.
but I'm not here to play stupid either.
[plucky melancholic music playing]
[Wes] I feel like team morale is low.
I mean. we were really close
on that bow drill.
- [Wes] How long until sunset?
- I feel like we shouldn't give up.
[Brett] About two hours till sunset.
[music fades]
Team Charlie. what we doing. man?
Is there any moves we need to make
before sundown?
I don't know why that's even a question.
I don't… I don't know.
I don't understand the question.
The question is. is there somebody
from this camp that needs to go
in order for us to get a new supply?
I already… I feel like
I voiced myself. you know?
I feel like I communicated.
I don't know how
the majority of the team feels.
but since we've gotten here. Sarah.
you've been the hardest to deal with
out of everybody.
- Mmm.
- [Wes] So. uh…
I'm gonna vote
to send you packing tonight.
Damn. glad to know
how you really feel. man.
Now you just put a wedge in this team.
Of course. majority rules.
I vote Sarah leaves tonight.
[Sarah] Let's go in a circle.
- Go ahead and vote.
- [Wes] What's your vote?
I mean. it is what it is.
It's a game. but--
Let's cut to the chase.
Honestly. you aggravate
the [bleep] out of me.
[Wes] Brax. what's your vote?
- [Braxton] Sarah. we've had great talks.
- Okay.
We've had a good time together.
But it's been a week.
and none of us have eaten.
- And we need fire.
- Really?
I'm sorry. Sarah. but my vote is gonna be…
have to go with the ferro rod.
I'm playing a game.
And I'm sorry. and I do--
[Sarah] You're not sorry. bro.
You are definitely
one manipulative person.
My trust issues have gone up.
Leiya. it's already majority.
but I'd love to know how you feel too.
All I can say is I did try
to focus on your positives.
but there are some things that--
Wow. All of y'all are bitches. Seriously.
You guys are sick.
There you go.
I built this. You guys can rebuild it.
I'll take apart this whole shelter.
- [Brett] You're not gonna do that.
- Don't touch me. bro.
Admit it.
- You've been lazy as [bleep].
- Shut your ass up!
At least I wasn't
a literal snake like y'all.
- [Braxton] Sarah--
- No.
You got to go. bro.
[Sarah] Whatever. dude.
Valid crash out.
Y'all some greedy [bleep].
I knew this was coming.
[tense music playing]
[narrator] No longer part of Charlie Camp.
Sarah has the choice to flare
from the game
or attempt to join another team.
If she is accepted. Charlie
will not get their needed resource.
They're going to suffer.
[voice breaking] I'm a hard worker.
This is probably what's best for me.
[Wes] Where y'all think she's headed?
[Braxton] Honestly.
I think she's gonna go to Bravo.
Alpha already has five people
if they don't make someone flare.
So they can't even accept her.
So Bravo is really her only option.
Like. after that conversation.
she's crazy eyes.
She's gonna go there
looking like a lunatic.
trying to sympathize with them.
and they're all gonna turn her away.
Guys. this is the name of the game.
I know these are tough decisions.
but I think we did
what was right for the team.
Y'all know what time it is?
Team Charlie on three. Team Charlie on me.
- One. two. three.
- [all] Charlie!
[Brett] We'll get a ferro rod.
then we'll have fire.
[Wes] How does it feel
to have an extra sleeping spot?
[Braxton] Honestly. that's what
I'm more excited about.
[ethereal music playing]
[Dave] We were trying all sorts
of means and methods of fire. trade…
elbow grease.
- Then it just came down to…
- [Maddy] Human sacrifice.
[Dave] Human sacrifice. I guess.
[Ben] Dave. these girls
want blood for you.
[Dave] They better give me blood.
- [Maddy] Yeah.
- [Halle] We are.
And we're not trading a bow anymore.
Bravo and Charlie
are freaking useless wimps.
[Halle exclaims]
They were holding onto the one thing
that they knew would give us this trophy.
[Nikki] I know it seems so fast.
and there's no reason we should be
so die-hard for each other.
But we are. and especially with Dave…
I mean. I don't know.
I have a hard time
finding my place in groups sometimes.
I don't necessarily know where I fit.
And Dave always felt. like…
solid.
- You were amazing to have on the team.
- [Dave] Love you. guys.
- [Ben] Love you too.
- [Maddy] We love you. man.
[soaring vocals rise and fade]
[percussion music playing]
I'm very surprised that Dave was
willing to make this sacrifice.
[Maddy] I could tell the last couple days
were getting to him.
and he would just rather
see us win at his sacrifice.
That's just who he is.
[Dave] I haven't always been this way.
and we've all lived selfish lives
in one form or another. but…
very rarely do you get to prove
to yourself that you're not that anymore.
[epic music playing]
[Halle] This game's always changing.
Any day. someone can have the upper hand.
Once we get a fire going. have food.
we are going to be
a powerhouse on this game board.
I feel so empowered
to have everything back in my hands.
I didn't come here to sit around
and hope that things happen.
I came to play a game.
and I came to survive.
[Wes] We got a flare.
- [Braxton] Got a flare. guys.
- [Leiya] No way. Actually?
- [Braxton] Yeah. See anybody on the beach?
- Think it's her?
[Wes] Yep.
- [Braxton and Leiya] Who is it?
- [Wes] I don't know if it's Sarah or not.
- Oh. Someone flared over there.
- [Morgan] No way.
- No way!
- [Marshall] Someone quit.
- Oh my God.
- [Morgan] Damn.
So this changes the game completely.
[flare hissing]
Do you see anything that looks like Sarah?
- [Wes] Yeah.
- [Brett] We'll get it.
[Braxton] We'll get the ferro rod.
[Brett] I definitely think
she was worth the ferro rod.
Let's do a small howl. guys.
[howling gently]
- [laughs]
- I like that.
Yeah. You ain't got to showboat too much.
Yeah. not like I didn't see this coming.
[narrator] Charlie. unable to see
the details at the far end of the island.
believes their former teammate Sarah
has flared out of the game.
And because of this. they think they will
receive the fire supply they hoped for.
But Sarah is still on the game board.
contemplating her next move
in order to stay in the game.
[Sarah crying] I did
so much for this team.
[somber music playing]
I just busted my ass. For what?
I'm still proud of myself.
Everything happens for a reason.
You can't really just trust anybody
when they get hungry or thirsty
or they have
a million dollars on the line.
What are they willing to do?
You know. people get greedy.
[sniffs]
[exhales deeply]
Crying is only gonna dehydrate me.
and I plan on staying to the end.
I plan on winning this for my family.
[Sarah breathes deeply]
Like. I really needed that money. bro!
I feel a lot of emotions right now.
I don't even remember the last time
I've actually been bullied before.
This game is ruthless.
And I… I would do it. Like…
I would do it over and over again
if that meant that
my family didn't have to struggle.
I've been living paycheck
to paycheck since I was a kid.
My mom's always worked so hard.
I just keep imagining telling my family
that we're going to be okay.
"You don't have to work so hard anymore."
It pushes me
every single day to keep fighting.
Yo!
- Hey. guys!
- [Pharaoh] Here we go. Come on.
I don't wanna startle you or anything.
[Pharaoh] How's it going?
- What's up. man? I'm Sarah.
- Sarah. Pharaoh.
- I'm Sarah. Nice to meet you.
- What's up. Sarah?
Long story short.
I know we all got that same note.
Sorry. I've been crying.
I'm trying not to cry right now.
I don't want anyone
to see me weak. you know.
- Um… Hmm.
- [Morgan] They kicked you off?
- [Sarah] They kicked me off.
- [Morgan] Oh wow.
[Sarah] They surprised
the hell out of me with that.
If you don't mind me asking.
what is your best conclusion
as to why they did that to you?
I'll keep it real. They think that.
um… like. I talk too much.
Like. I have grit.
And being independent is just natural.
Some guys. they don't like that.
They feel threatened by it.
I know you guys are down one.
I'm a really hard worker.
And I can prove it with my actions.
I don't want them to get that ferro rod.
I'm not gonna flare out and give them
what they want. Know what I mean?
If you guys need time to talk it over…
- We have to talk about it as a team.
- [Sarah] Please do.
- [Abby] We'll be right back.
- [Sarah] Thanks. guys.
[exhales deeply]
[low tense music plays]
It would suck going back broke.
the same way I left.
So I'm not going down without a fight.
[Abby] "If you remove a player.
and the player flares.
you'll receive the supply you desire."
"Hunting. fire. shelter.
This offer ends at sunset."
[Marshall] Whatcha think?
[Abby] Morality in this game
is situational.
You're getting very connected to people
who are pieces of a game board.
just like you are a piece
of this game board.
If you want to get to the end of the game.
you need to make those hard decisions.
[Morgan] I personally don't want to.
But what we said in the beginning was
it doesn't matter what person comes here.
we're not letting
the other team get a ferro rod.
We let her in.
you know. we let her stay here.
and unfortunately.
she might have to flare out.
But as long as
they didn't get a ferro rod…
- [Pharaoh] That was the goal.
- That was the goal for her and us.
We need to decide. We don't tell her
that she's on the chopping block.
Just keep it hush-hush.
I think we need to keep it hush-hush
for the next few days.
She doesn't wanna give them a ferro rod.
so why don't we just tell her
she can be in the game for…
I don't think we need to say it now.
I think we can wait a bit.
She can give us more intel about them.
and we'll vote her off.
- [Morgan] Right.
- Yeah.
100%.
- [Pharaoh] Let's go. Let's go tell her.
- Okay.
So. we come up with
a kind of diabolical plan.
[chuckles]
And that is to let Sarah onto our team.
and we need to vote her off
within the next couple days.
This way.
Charlie is not gonna get a ferro rod.
They won't get fire because
their teammate won't flare before sunset.
But we still stick
with four people on our team.
and so. that's our diabolical plan.
We talked amongst ourselves.
Welcome to Bravo.
- Oh. my God. Actually?
- [Abby] Mm-hmm. Yes.
- Thank you so much. For real.
- Of course.
- Seriously. thank you.
- You're welcome.
[Sarah] That means a lot to me.
I know we're strangers and everything.
But I really am excited
to get to know you guys
more than just. like. the hi's and bye's.
[Marshall] You want us
to show you some fire?
- [Sarah] Yes. please.
- [laughing]
[Sarah] I'm gonna be an asset
to Team Bravo. and show the skills I have.
They're giving me a second chance.
a second life in this game.
I feel like I'm reborn.
And I'm just forever grateful
for them. for God.
and just for this opportunity to be here.
Guys. this is so crazy.
All I've been wanting was a freaking fire.
[Abby] Did you want something?
There's a crab.
Oh my gosh. guys.
I'm gonna try not to cry right now.
Thank you guys so much
for inviting me into your home.
and I promise you won't regret it.
We look at each other.
and we just. like. feel bad.
but we're still gonna be the team of four.
and no matter who she is.
we are not taking on another teammate.
You guys. I'm feeling.
like. super relieved right now.
and they're not gonna get that ferro rod.
[birds squawking]
[winds whipping and whistling]
[narrator] With plenty of dry firewood
and an extra set of hands to gather it.
Bravo is benefiting
from these rare dry nights
in the Panamanian wet season.
[Sarah] I genuinely feel.
like. at home. guys.
[Morgan] Good. I'm glad you do.
I'm definitely excited to show
how I can help however I can. and…
- [Abby] Yeah. It's been a long day.
- [Marshall] Sarah. glad to have you.
[Sarah] Thank you. guys.
- [Abby] Get some sleep.
- [Marshall] Hope you sleep well.
[atmospheric music playing]
[Nikki] I'm excited to have a fire.
[Maddy] Me. dos.
I'm excited to smell like a campfire.
You know. guys. let's talk about
our favorite memories with Dave.
[Nikki] I think my favorite
was night one. pouring rain.
and being able to just sit there
and laugh nonstop with him.
[Ben] That really worked out for him.
Like. he was thinking
he was looking to head out.
but he didn't want to look like a…
like he was bitching out.
He was able to go out with honor.
[Maddy] Yeah.
[gentle string music playing]
[narrator] And at Charlie.
excitement from false hope
keeps them up well into the night.
[Brett] Hey. y'all hear that?
Y'all hear that?
Peace and quiet.
- [Wes] Hey.
- [Brett] Son of a…
You know. we had to excommunicate
a member of Team Charlie today.
It wasn't an easy decision by any means.
but it was definitely necessary.
- Definitely necessary.
- Easy for me.
Well. it was easy for Buddy.
But. you know. it is what it is.
It is what it is.
- We about to turn up--
- We're a family out here. guys.
And we're feeling more like a family
than ever right now.
- Than ever.
[atmospheric music playing]
[Nikki] I think Dave's loyalty
was the key to our success.
[Halle] Dave stepped up.
and I'll forever appreciate him for that.
If you guys wanna start cracking snails…
I dunno… If somebody's looking for a job.
We'll forage and get more wood.
[Ben] Okay. great.
You guys want to do that now?
Appreciate you.
[Ben] Is that a helicopter?
Are we going to get our ferro rod?
[Braxton] Yo. let's get to the beach.
This is exciting stuff. guys.
- It's moving quick.
- [Wes] I think it's headed to Team Alpha.
[Brett] Where's the helicopter?
It dropped it.
[Halle] Guys. we're actually
getting the ferro rod.
No one's backing out of any deals.
Check it out!
- [Ben] Hell yeah!
- [Nikki] It's a nice box!
- Oh my gosh!
- [Ben] Let's go.
[Braxton] It's up high.
[Brett] I think it's flying away.
[Wes] A false alarm.
- Not us. That ain't for us.
- [Leiya] Wait. what?
[Braxton] It could be circling back.
It's gonna circle back around.
It's trying to confuse us right now.
[Brett] She's gone.
- [Braxton] It's gone now. I think.
- [Leiya] Dang.
[Braxton] Sarah obviously
hasn't flared out.
[Wes] And it appears to be
someone from Team Alpha.
[Leiya] I knew flaring out
was not an option for Sarah.
She's not going to give up.
She's going to be around.
Kind of like a cockroach.
They're probably gonna try
to come steal everything.
She's going to want payback.
- We're definitely not getting a ferro rod.
- Yeah.
- Let's open this all the way.
- Hold it open?
What is this?
[Nikki] And there's feather sticks?
[Ben] They've got
all the stuff to start it with.
[Maddy] Hell yeah.
That's so sick.
And we've got another sick crate.
[Maddy] Yeah.
Guard this with your life. y'all.
- Hell yeah.
- This is amazing.
- Thank you. Dave.
- Thanks. Dave.
- [Ben] All right. Let's get this back.
- [Maddy] Yes. let's take this in.
[Ben] Look. I think
that having a good. solid team
and being loyal
to that team is everything.
But at the same time.
there's advantages to losing a team player
at this point in the game.
Less mouths to feed.
More money.
[Halle] Oh my God.
And that's worth it to me.
I've never been more excited
to see a fire in my life.
This is all because of Dave. for sure.
It doesn't feel real yet.
I'm staring at it.
but I'm like. is this real?
We just became
the strongest team on the board.
[Ben] We're the only ones that can hunt.
Now we've got fire as well.
- [Nikki] Yeah.
- [Ben] Game on.
I'm so excited
to shoot anything and cook it.
[quick percussion music playing]
[Leiya groans]
[Braxton] We've gotten smoke
so many times.
We just haven't gotten to that ember.
I feel desperation creeping in.
[Brett] There's sun beaming
through right here.
That would be a good idea if you take
a piece of glass and maybe try to
pencil it in.
You might be able to get it going.
[Leiya] I have an idea.
Ooh. Leiya has an idea.
I felt personally responsible
for getting a fire started
after realizing that
we're not going to get a ferro rod.
[Wes] What's the idea?
- Right now. I don't want to talk too much.
- Okay.
Okay.
It is something that I really did
want to bring of value to the team
because I know
their mindsets of gender roles.
I definitely have to do more
to prove myself.
[Braxton] I hope Leiya can come through.
Or I will be voted off the game board.
just like Sarah was.
[percussion music slows]
I took apart the binoculars.
Now the sun is directly above us.
I am baking out here.
And hopefully it gives us…
enough of a light to start a fire.
Oh. my gosh. we got it.
There's a light right on it.
The binoculars technically work
as a magnifying glass.
Dear Heavenly Father.
please make this fire happen.
Is it coming?
[Leiya] Should be.
[Brett] I think the person
who fooled me a little bit was Leiya.
As far as the fires and stuff like that.
she's not what she was claiming
to be in the beginning.
[Leiya] Um. I think I was kind of.
like. enjoying a little alone time.
I kind of needed that.
[percussion music picks up]
[blows sharply]
She's exhausted
every single primitive way to do it.
but we still don't have fire yet.
I might have to take on the reins on that.
I think I need to go put my feet
in the water. I'm getting overheated.
I've been out here for a while.
I'm so dehydrated right now.
Hey. if you take you a little break.
I'm about to go try it.
[complex percussion rhythm plays]
[Leiya] Fire is not easy.
And trying to start the fire
with the binoculars…
The sky has to be so clear.
It also has to be
as hot as it is right now.
No rain. no humidity.
It's not going to be very easy to get.
[music ends]
- [Brett] I got it!
- [Braxton] You got it? Oh. my God.
[Wes] ♪ Buddy. yeah. yeah. yeah! ♪
[Leiya] That's awesome. guys.
I'm really happy my team has fire.
but they also all knew
how important it was to me.
and I learned that when I have an idea.
to just keep it to myself.
'cause the next thing I know.
they're gonna yank it out of my hand
and just say that…
Whatever.
- I'm happier than a pig in shit.
- [Braxton] So good. dude.
[Brett] Hell yeah!
[quick percussion music builds]
[blowing gently]
I feel like a caveman. son! What?!
Hey. give me some.
Give me some. Where's all--
- Good job.
- Buddy! Whoa!
- Yeah. big boy!
- Whoo!
[Brett] It seemed like something was up
whenever we lit the fire.
I think Leiya is scared.
She thinks she's gonna be the next to go.
Let her roast.
Dude. I'm so happy.
- That is cooking.
- Are you not excited? Where's the smile?
- I am.
- Oh. yeah.
- I'm just letting you guys do your thing.
- We lit.
Even though we decided to vote her off
if she didn't get the fire.
I'm thinking it might be a good idea
to wait a while because you never know.
This is so exciting.
She might start showing
some skills that are useful.
We're going to eat good tonight.
Or maybe we can get something
out of kicking her out.
You really got to play your game smart.
[music slows]
We started with shelter.
We got food.
Now we have fire. Buddy Love!
Give me a hug! Yeah!
[Brett] We so lit!
Let her burn!
- [voice echoes]
- [music fading]
[wind gusting]
[Sarah] I honestly just want to get
coconut and some palm fronds.
and I don't know where else
to get that on this game board.
- [Marshall] Green coconuts would be great.
- [Sarah] Got you.
All right. we got our parachute. machete.
- Got some bags.
- [Pharaoh] Perfect.
- We'll see you soon.
- All right. Good luck.
[narrator] Sarah's time at Charlie Camp
demonstrated the many uses
of the coconut palm forest surrounding it.
From fibers for burning
to shelter-making and food.
the coconut palm
is a vital resource on the island.
- [Morgan] Damn. it's a hot day out here.
- [Sarah] It sure is.
The girls and I are going over to Charlie.
We're not looking for trouble.
We're going to forage. That's it.
All I was eating was heart of palm
and coconuts at Camp Charlie.
And they don't own the trees. you know?
- [Abby] Well. we'll see what they do…
- Yeah.
…and then react.
For sure. Wes is going to be the big man.
They think they're intimidating me.
How stupid are they going to be?
I know what they're going to do.
They're gonna come and buck at us.
but they don't even like
heart of palm over there.
I love heart of palm.
so I'm not going to let that intimidate us
from continuing to forage on that side.
At the end of the day.
the map is free game.
Do you think that's smoke over there?
Oh. it is smoking.
Damn.
[Abby] They finally got fire?
[Sarah] Dude. how did that happen?
Damn. I can't believe
they [bleeping] got fire.
Shoot. [groans]
[Morgan] We let Sarah in.
so Charlie wouldn't get a ferro rod.
And now their fire has already started.
So should we keep her on the team?
Do we tell her now? Do we wait?
Like. what do we do?
[tense music playing]
Now this shit rolling. quite literally.
[Braxton] Fire. food. shelter.
We have it all. And we didn't even
need the flare from Sarah.
[Brett] Yeah. that was just a bonus.
[grunting. straining]
Yes!
Oh.
Uh-oh.
Yo. guys. we got visitors.
Wes. I need you out here.
Off in the distance. I see three figures
walking from Team Bravo. We got company.
You stay that way.
We don't want them coming in our area
because Sarah might be trying
to come steal from our camp.
Sarah took her
right to where the coconuts are.
We got to protect
this thing with everything.
Obviously. you can't use violence
on this game board.
but my size alone
is an intimidating factor.
What's up. gang?
We're just grabbing coconuts.
I'm used to being the bully. okay?
I don't get bullied. so bring it on.
You guys smell that?
We no longer need that ferro rod.
Cool. Great.
Good for you.
I kind of have a little bit of a temper.
I'm not saying I'm gonna throw hands
or nothing like that.
But we're gonna defend our home
at the end of the day.
It's a hot one out today.
Got to stay hydrated.
[Morgan] Been pretty easy
for us to stay hydrated.
Been drinking about
eight to nine pots a day. I think.
That's amazing.
[Morgan] I could tell this dude's out here
to kind of be that alpha type
and make it seem like he's the kingpin.
which he's not.
[Wes] Sarah got her face covered
with a mask like she a pirate.
Don't feed into it.
Let him try to be a big dog.
Man. come on. Hurry up.
[Morgan] You don't got to tell us
to do nothing. This ain't your beach.
- [Wes] Keep it moving.
- I can sit here all damn day if I want to.
[Morgan] I had to make it clear with him
that I'm not gonna let anyone
be disrespectful to myself and my team.
Watch your hand.
Bro. hey. what are you doing?
- Grabbing coconuts.
- Want to get your hand chopped off?
You should not swing
if I'm reaching there.
- [Braxton] They're coming after blood now.
- Shit! We'll show 'em blood.
- Don't you don't put your hand there--
- You in our area. Don't forget.
- This ain't your area.
- This is our area.
[Morgan] No. it's not.
- [Sarah] Bro.
- Back your ass up.
[Sarah] Like. he's psycho.
He's actually psycho.
You want to hit me?
[intense music peaks and fades]
[somber music playing]
[music fades]